AITerm release 0.9.2 available on GitHub. you can clone it at https://github.com/pet350/aiterm.git.

These have been quite a few Enhancements, Upgrades, New features, and bugfixes since my last release. Anyone seeing this post should go ahead and clone it, build it, check it out and let me know what you all think of it. Some of the New features and bugfixes are:
    . This project is completely written in C. it is lightweight, very quick and responsive, it maintains one connection to MySQL that is threaded and locks the mutex when being accessed, so only function in one thread can access it at once. This way it does not open multiple connections and waist your MySQL resources. even performing all those steps it does amazingly fast and without any problems that I've noticed. I did add a reset feature that I never really need to use but it is there incase it hangs for whatever reason.   
    . Totally reworked the "Tee" function, now AI doesn't miss a line from the terminal window (as long as tee is enabled) 
    . Bugfix: addressed the "Blank Lines" that would get sent to AI while tee is enabled. Some of the causes but not limited to, when the screen would be cleared, AI would get 30 or so blank lines sent to it. and Gemini let me know how much she does not like receiving these blank lines. Well, I added a function the detects and strips out all blank lines prior to sending to AI. Gemini thanked me for the addition of this feature that is always checking the buffer of the send queue for blank lines prior to transmitting. 
    . Any function that can be performed from the local command input can also be performed through the gui drop down menu
    . Session management. All data being logged to MySQL is associated with a session now that can be managed from local commands or the newly added Session Manager Window where it is easy to add, load , or delete sessions.
    . More modular structure, you will notice quite a few more .c and .h files. Functions that have a common purpose are now grouped into their own .c file. (Instead of how I had it, an ever increasing utils.c LOL! at one point that file was well over 3000 lines of code. That is when I decided to take the known working well functions, group them and split them off into their own respective .c and .h files.)
    . Created a structure for the AI provider, making it much easier to switch AI providers. Instead of having each provider hard coded and creating new functions for each provider, I made it simple to change providers between OpenAI / Gemini / and probably much more (only tested with those two, but I'm sure using the provider structure I have setup it should be trivial to add another provider)
    . Auto Execution and Rate limiting have been added, but they still have some bugs to work out. Would love some feedback from you all on fixes for these features. 
    . Bugfix / CSS. Forced a dark theme for all windows used in this project.
    . All AI transactions and MySQL transactions are asynchronous and threaded, so nothing will hang the terminal up while processing. You could just keep on using the terminal just like you would with any other terminal emulator without any hesitation from the GTK gui at all. Like you would never know that SQL transactions and AI Thinking was even happening. 
    . All AI communications are assembled/disassembled by LibJson and the send and receive is handled by libCurl
    . Each time it gets built a new UUID gets associated with that build as well as a timestamp, for making it easier to keep tract of.
    . All UUIDs are handled by libuuid
    . when ./aiterm --debug is invoked pleanty of debug output gets written to that calling terminal window. Great / needed for troubleshooting. 
    . when ./aiterm --help is invoked all the command line switches are detailed. (there are only a few at the moment, but how many more do you need... lol)
    . Please note: for initial config setup you will need a master key to create the encrypted password and key needed in the config file. that means at minimum two command line options are needed: ./aiterm --master=(your master encryption key you make up)  --crypt-pw=(the password or key you want encrypted) the output of this command line is what you will put in the config file. you can run the above command with --debug as well if you want more printed to the screen. 
    . Database creation: originally I was having the application check for and create if not present the database but this has proven to be more of a nightmare than anticipated. so I included a .sql file that will create the DB for you. You will still need to create a user that has access to this database. only one with GRANT option has been tested, but I think a lesser account would probably work just fine. 

In the works for the next release and ideas for future releases:
    . next release:
         . History manager: an easy way to manage the history in MySQL. This will mimic the Session Manager layout and functionality in a lot of ways.
         . Policy manager: an easy way to manager policies in place for auto execution. This too will mimic session manager in many ways.
         . Noise Filter Manager: an easy way to manage what Gets sent and what gets blocked from sending to AI. I'm sure you guessed it but yes it too will have the same look and feel a lot like session manager.

    . Up coming releases:
         . Printing support
         . Macros 
         . bugfixes

Please check it out and leave me any comments 
Thank you 
Pete
